Close #335 by fixing typos and removing instances of passive voice (#336)
amilajack/alfred: website/docs/configuration.md

Default: `npm`

Decide whether to install dependencies with NPM or Yarn

### `configsDir`

Default: `.`

> The directory, relative to the project directory, to write config files

Reviewer: What do you think about this:

```suggestion
The path (relative to project directory) that config files are written to
```

Author: I think that looks good! [I committed your suggestion](https://github.com/amilajack/alfred/pull/336/commits/8e8aa9c0292c94df6f4599e0b6122ec7b8f41834).

}
```

> This config can be extracted to an Alfred config by creating a sharable config. In this case, it makes sense to call the config `alfred-config-web-app`.

Reviewer: Oh wow this was definitely super confusing haha. Good catch!

Author: Thank you!

> Creating a shareable config will extract this config to an Alfred config. In this case, it makes sense to call the config `alfred-config-web-app`.

Reviewer: how about
```suggestion
Creating a shareable config will extract this config into an Alfred config. In this case, it makes sense to call the config `alfred-config-web-app`.
```
?

Author: a08c97c makes this change.
